Prepare release r1.1 (#41)
camaraproject/PopulationDensityData: README.md

## Status and released versions

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.

> * Release 0.1.1-rc1.1 of the API family is available within the [release-v0.1.1-rc1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/tree/release-v0.1.1-rc1.1) branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The pre-release r1.1 contains the version 0.1.1-rc.1 of the Population Density Data API. It is the first release candidate of the patch release v0.1.1. The release tag is [r1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/tree/r1.1).
```

There is no mandatory text therefore this is just a suggestion. 
Important is just:
* we don't use/create release branches any more
* The release tag is r1.1
* The API Version is v0.1.1-rc.1, not v0.1.1-rc1.1

> - 0.1.1-rc1.1 Population Density Data API definition **with inline documentation**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 0.1.1-rc.1 Population Density Data API definition **with inline documentation**:
```

>   - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/blob/release-v0.1.1-rc1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml)
```

>   - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/release-v0.1.1-rc1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml&nocors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/r1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml&nocors)
```

>   - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/release-v0.1.1-rc1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/PopulationDensityData/r1.1/code/API_definitions/population-density-data.yaml)
```
